PRACTICE
COMPETE
JOBS
LEADERBOARD
08

DAY

:
06

HRS

:
59

MIN

:
10

SEC

AI Hackathon LIVE

May 22, 2026, 06:00 PM IST (Asia/Kolkata) - Jun 01, 2026, 12:00 AM IST (Asia/Kolkata)

INSTRUCTIONS
PROBLEMS
SUBMISSIONS
LEADERBOARD
ANALYTICS
JUDGE
 Problems / Defect Detection in Hot Rolling
Defect Detection in Hot Rolling
Max. score: 100
In Hot Rolling Mills, one specific defect (referred to here as the Alpha defect) is a critical quality challenge. This defect cannot be detected through the existing system because the coil remains under tension in the inspection zones. Since it is not possible to detect Alpha defects inline, current quality control relies on sample observations at the final stage, where only a certain percentage of the total coils produced are inspected. Additionally, manual inspection is time-intensive, whereas the manufacturing and supply chain processes operate under strict time constraints. Although the Alpha defect accounts for only a very small percentage of the total production volume, it can still lead to customer complaints and product downgrades.
 
Task

During hot rolling, each stage has different process parameters that can contribute to the formation of the defect. Therefore, all stages must be considered to effectively detect the formation of Alpha defects.

Detect the occurrence of the Alpha defect during rolling to prevent customer complaints and reduce downgrades through proactive action.

Dataset Description

The dataset folder contains the following files:

File	Dimensions
train.csv	1352 × 51
test.csv	339 × 50
sample_submission.csv	339 × 2

Variable Description

Column Name	Description
CoilID	Unique identifier for each coil
X1–X49	Process parameters across multiple stages
Y	Target variable: Alpha defect occurrence (1 = Defect, 0 = No Defect)

Evaluation Metric

A model which will have 0 false negative and less than 10% False positive will be accepted.

Recall – 100%
Precision - > 90%

Submission Criteria

The submission file must be submitted in .csv format only.
The size of this submission file must be 339 × 2.
Ensure that your submission file contains:
Correct CoilID values as per the test file
Correct column names as provided in the sample_submission.csv file

Instructions

Click Download dataset to download the dataset.
Solve the problem in your local environment.
Save the predictions in a .csv file named expected_submission.csv.
Click Upload File (under the Upload File section) to upload your prediction file (.csv).
Click Upload File (under the Upload Source Code section) to upload your .ipynb file along with any presentation file.
Add any instructions or comments in the Your Answer section.
Click Submit.
Download dataset
Upload Prediction File
Please upload the prediction file in the format as stated in the problem.
Currently: hackathon/tata-steel-ai-hackathon/uploads/mlproblems/632455fb56-alt_Top154.csv
Change: 
Upload Source Files
You need to submit a zip or tar archive consisting of a text file explaining your approach, details about feature engineering, tools you used and the relevant source files.
Currently: hackathon/tata-steel-ai-hackathon/uploads/mlfiles/e2ecddb655-submission_v2.zip  Clear
Change: 
+1-650-461-4192
For sales enquiry
contact@hackerearth.com
For support
support@hackerearth.com
For Developers
Hackathons
Challenges
Jobs
Practice
Campus Ambassadors
For Businesses
Hackathons
Assessments
FaceCode
Learning and Development
Knowledge
Practice
Interview Prep
Codemonk
Engineering Blog
Company
About us
Careers
Press
Support
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2026 HackerEarth All rights reserved  Terms of Service  Privacy Policy

?